LOB corpus
POS tag
POS tags
XML
analysis of corpus
annotation process
annotation scheme
annotation standard
annotation time
association measure
balance
bar plot
character class
character string
character vector
chi-square
classification approach
cluster analysis
co-occurrence
co-occurrence of word
code file
collection of datum
colligation
collocation network
comparability
concordance analysis
concordance line
concordancer
conditional inference tree
confidence interval
content word
corpus analysis
corpus annotation
corpus building
corpus compilation
corpus compiler
corpus design
corpus linguistics
corpus metadata
corpus method
corpus query
corpus research
corpus retrieval software
corpus study
corpus tool
corpus type
corpus user
corpus-based
corpus-driven
correlation coefficient
correspondence analysis
data structure
dataframe
dataset
datum frame
degree of freedom
diachronic
dimensionality reduction
discourse domain
discourse marker
effect model
effect size
element of vector
encoding
file name
form of verb
frequency count
frequency distribution
frequency list
frequency of occurrence
frequency of word
frequency of words
function word
information retrieval
k-means
key word in context
keyword
keyword analysis
language acquisition
language change
language data
language documentation
language education
language processing
language teaching
language use
language variation
language variety
learner corpora
learner corpus
lemma
lemmatization
lexis
line break
line of code
list of words
log-likelihood
markup
markup language
mean score
meaning of word
measure of dispersion
metadata
model selection
monitor corpus
multimodal corpus
multiword
multiword unit
natural language processing
node
number of characters
number of instances
number of occurrences
number of text
number of token
number of words
occurrence of word
p-value
parallel corpora
part of speech
partial dependence score
parts of speech
pattern of languages
pearson's chi
period of time
portion of corpus
pos tagging
pos-tag
quality of corpus
r code
register analysis
register variation
regression model
sample
sample corpus
sample of language
sample size
search engine
search expression
search word
sense disambiguation
sequence of word
significance test
size of corpus
software package
software program
speech act
speech community
speech sample
statistical description analysis
statistical significance
stopword
stopwords
study of language
sub-corpora
sub-corpus
subordinate clause
synchronic
tag corpus
target discourse
test hypothesis
test statistics
text
text corpus
text file
text files
text length
text processing
text type
text types
time period
time span
type
type of analysis
type of annotation
type of corpora
type of datum
type of file
type of speech
type of text
type-token ratio
unit of analysis
use of language
use of word
variation change
variety of english
variety of language
vector space
web as corpus
word character
word class
word embedding
word form
word frequency
word frequency list
word level
word occurrence
word sense
word tag
word type